hi YouTube I got this xbox 360 slim 250
gig hard drive it's actually not an
official one but it only cost like 45
bucks and you know I got it on eBay i'll
post a link i mean and for how much it
cost me i'm doing like a kind of ghetto
unboxing video of how much it cost me it
seems to be the actual really good
quality see it plastic tray and then a
plastic bag and then on the plaque I
should take the plastic bag off it's not
like this you know that plastic looks
like they stick to it to protect the
shiny parts from scratches
see
I mean
250 gig for 45 bucks when Microsoft
charges like what what are they 130 we
keep going on sale for 110 because you
know they know no one's gonna pay that I
mean they keep going on sale for a
hundred now can't get the focus is being
a hold of it yeah I mean 45 bucks really
nice quality my friend has he bought an
official one like a tard and you know
it's this is actually really just like
his also the guy samsung or Microsoft
uses a mix of toshiba samsung and once
they attached itachi whatever have you
say it I fits three name brands and this
guy uses western digital hard drives in
his so you know like there's a high
western digital that's pretty much like
all they make is hard drive and memory
units you know so I'd trust western
digital over those other brands you know
I'm saying but yeah definitely have a
link help this guy out he's really cool
alright bye